Post Exploitation Enumeration
We’ve already conducted some basic
enumeration against the Cevapi target.
During this stage, we’ll concentrate on
getting closer to our stated goal,
Domain Admin.
Earlier, we discovered that Cevapi is, in
fact, joined to the sandbox.local domain.
Let’s take a look to see if
any domain accounts
are logged in for us to
impersonate their tokens.
Similar to how we tested Poultry,
we will again use the incognito
extension within meterpreter
to list all available tokens.
It appears that the sandbox.local
administrator user is logged into Cevapi.
Let’s try to impersonate this user to
verify that we can escalate our privileges
To do this, we will use the
impersonate_token command
and specify the Administrator user.
We have to escape the backslash
character in order for
Metasploit to read the command correctly.
Success! We are now running as
the sandbox administrator user.
Next, we need to verify that this
is indeed an administrative user.
Excellent! The administrator user
is part of the Domain Admins
and Enterprise Admins groups.